hello Prague datura fill this challenge
yes that whole challenge good day Tork
see crog's new invention oh it it
charity marathon amazing understand
charity or marathon new a young girl
from marathons where marathon not
founded for thousands of years
girl I'd to torque this sorry
play play video game long time oh video
game like game but with new thing krahgg
invent called video crowd not quite
worked out all details yet krub not
entirely sure her have any idea this
hurt no ha not know how to explain her
current no perks a run on dark magic
dark match put put spirits its in stone
stone go elsewhere other people watch
stone many laughs does video game
marathon Ustream yes yes remember stream
yes got clogged with torrents yes
- yes marathon stream down for people
lizard lizard' upstream afraid of
considering all the peace
lock I stay with torque for a while my
clog is stream with the sharestream
right when thought when move out to
coast walk live in treehouse just above
torque right because apparently we live
treehouse now the crog engaging much
world building flushing out character
sorry there was a